# 6. Submitting your work


### Deadline

-  **Week 1 of Easter holidays: 18:00 PM on Monday , 3rd April  2023.**


### Submitting

- **GitHub**: Do a final commit of all your work and push it to your remote repository.

- **Moodle**: 
    - Rename your project name using the naming convention firstnamesurname e.g. maireadmeagher. 
    - Zip the folder containing all the project files, and name the folder firstname_surname.zip. No WINRARs please!
    - Upload this zip file to Moodle. 


### Interviews

It is compulsory that you are interviewed on your submission in order to demonstrate both Understanding and Authorship.

These interviews will typically take place in labs the week after submission (i.e. Week 7/8).

During your interview, you will be asked to explain your work. This is to ensure that the work is your own. You may be asked (for example) to explain:

- Any of the code.
- How a specific function works 
- How specific functions work together
- Overview of your approach to assignment
- etc.

If you do not present for your interview you will receive 0 for the interview.  As the interview grade is a multiplier for your assigment grade, should you fail to show for your interview, you will receive zero, resulting in an overall grade of zero for your submission.



### Referencing external materials

If you use code other than from lectures and labs (e.g. from StackOverFlow, other GitHub accounts, etc), you should always reference it. Failure to do so is plagiarism and will lead to a zero mark.



### How is the final mark calculated?

The final mark is calculated using the following formula:

- (((Functionality of Code + Style + Extra Functionality Credit) ) * Interview Mark) / 10

Example:

- Functionality of code  + Style = 70/100
- Extra Functionality Credit = 6/10
- Interview Mark = 9/10
- Final mark = ((70 + 6) * 9) / 10 = 68.4%
